native dropdown and docs page about admonitions (#17)
jbms/sphinx-immaterial: docs/customization.rst

        'globaltoc_depth': 2
    }

.. confval:: hero

>     To set the hero's text for an individual page, use the ``:hero:`` directive for the desired page.

Reviewer: I think this is called a document metadata field:

https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/field-lists.html#file-wide-metadata

Author: ```suggestion
    To set the hero's text for an individual page, use the ``:hero:`` metadata field for the desired page.
```
